Jmafoster1/fair2 updated 2025 (#138)
RSE-Sheffield/git-github-zero-to-hero: content/03-collaborative_github_basics/08-make-pull-request.en.md

### Make a pull request to the upstream repository

The changes you made locally have now been committed and pushed to your fork on GitHub. If you go to GitHub, you'll now be able to see the details of the last commit. However, we **want to collect all participants' files in the upstream repository** ie `RSE-Sheffield/collaborative_github_exercise`. So the next step is to **make a pull request** from your fork to the upstream repository.

<br>

#### Initiate a new pull request

> GitHub is already flagging the fact that your **fork is ahead of the `master` branch** in the upstream repository and a **button to make a new pull request** with your changes is visible above that flag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GitHub is already flagging the fact that your **fork is ahead of the `master` branch** in the upstream repository and a **button to contribute your changes** is visible alongside that flag.
```
